README.md, before:

# JavaScript Extension Pack for Visual Studio Code

[![Marketplace Version](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version/olga-f.javascript-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=olga-f.javascript-pack) [![Installs](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs-short/olga-f.javascript-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=olga-f.javascript-pack) [![Rating](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/rating-short/olga-f.javascript-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=olga-f.javascript-pack) ![Rating](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/rating-star/olga-f.javascript-pack.svg)

<br/>

**JavaScript Pack** is an extension pack based on the most **helpful** extensions for JavaScript.

<br/>

_The pack includes:_

> <img src="https://kisstkondoros.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/kisstkondoros/vscode-codemetrics/1.24.0/1581861683608/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Code Metrics** - Computes complexity in TypeScript / JavaScript files.

> <img src="https://wix.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/wix/vscode-import-cost/2.15.0/1612118656126/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Import Cost** - Display inline in the editor the size of the imported package.

> <img src="https://capaj.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/capaj/vscode-exports-autocomplete/0.5.4/1510705860977/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Exports Autocomplete** - Autocompletes javascript module exports from your project.

> <img src="https://christian-kohler.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/christian-kohler/npm-intellisense/1.3.1/1599817447165/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Npm Intellisense** - Visual Studio Code plugin that autocompletes npm modules in import statements.

> <img src="https://tabnine.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/tabnine/tabnine-vscode/3.4.15/1626597699576/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Tabnine - AI Code Completion** - Tabnine is an AI-powered code completion extension.

> <img src="https://dbaeumer.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/dbaeumer/vscode-eslint/2.1.23/1623763213709/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **ESLint** - Integrates ESLint JavaScript into VS Code.

> <img src="https://esbenp.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/esbenp/prettier-vscode/8.0.1/1624380343593/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Prettier - Code formatter** - Code formatter using prettier.

> <img src="https://formulahendry.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/formulahendry/code-runner/0.11.5/1625846902825/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Code Runner** - Run JavaScript, TypeScript.

> <img src="https://gottfired.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/gottfired/css2react/1.0.1/1584563508778/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **css2react** - Convert the current selection between CSS and React's inline style syntax.

> <img src="https://kisstkondoros.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/kisstkondoros/vscode-gutter-preview/0.27.1/1615330715157/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Image preview** - Shows image preview in the gutter and on hover.

> <img src="https://miclo.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/miclo/sort-typescript-imports/1.4.1/1512576539546/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Sort Typescript Imports** - Sort import statements in Typescript code.

> <img src="https://olga-f.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/olga-f/light-color-theme/0.1.5/1623687253446/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Light Color Theme** - Improve your code readability and syntax highlighting and get a better developer experience when working with testing tools.

> <img src="https://pkief.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/pkief/material-icon-theme/4.8.0/1625388449111/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Material Icon Theme** - Icons for Visual Studio Code.

> <img src="https://tombonnike.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/tombonnike/vscode-status-bar-format-toggle/2.0.0/1571152475226/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Formatting Toggle** - Allows you to toggle the formatter ON and OFF with a simple click.

Commit message:

add SonarLint and Spell Checker

README.md, after:

# JavaScript Extension Pack for Visual Studio Code


<br/>

**JavaScript Pack** is an extension pack based on the most **helpful** extensions for JavaScript.

<br/>

_The pack includes:_

> <img src="https://kisstkondoros.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/kisstkondoros/vscode-codemetrics/1.24.0/1581861683608/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Code Metrics** - Computes complexity in TypeScript / JavaScript files.

> <img src="https://wix.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/wix/vscode-import-cost/2.15.0/1612118656126/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Import Cost** - Display inline in the editor the size of the imported package.

> <img src="https://sonarsource.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/sonarsource/sonarlint-vscode/3.15.1/1677771348769/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **SonarLint** - SonarLint is an IDE extension that helps you detect and fix quality issues as you write.

> <img src="https://streetsidesoftware.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/streetsidesoftware/code-spell-checker/2.18.0/1677483948878/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Code Spell Checker** - Spelling checker for source code.

> <img src="https://capaj.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/capaj/vscode-exports-autocomplete/0.5.4/1510705860977/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Exports Autocomplete** - Autocompletes javascript module exports from your project.

> <img src="https://christian-kohler.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/christian-kohler/npm-intellisense/1.3.1/1599817447165/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Npm Intellisense** - Visual Studio Code plugin that autocompletes npm modules in import statements.

> <img src="https://tabnine.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/tabnine/tabnine-vscode/3.4.15/1626597699576/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Tabnine - AI Code Completion** - Tabnine is an AI-powered code completion extension.

> <img src="https://dbaeumer.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/dbaeumer/vscode-eslint/2.1.23/1623763213709/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **ESLint** - Integrates ESLint JavaScript into VS Code.

> <img src="https://esbenp.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/esbenp/prettier-vscode/8.0.1/1624380343593/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Prettier - Code formatter** - Code formatter using prettier.

> <img src="https://formulahendry.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/formulahendry/code-runner/0.11.5/1625846902825/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Code Runner** - Run JavaScript, TypeScript.

> <img src="https://gottfired.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/gottfired/css2react/1.0.1/1584563508778/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **css2react** - Convert the current selection between CSS and React's inline style syntax.

> <img src="https://kisstkondoros.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/kisstkondoros/vscode-gutter-preview/0.27.1/1615330715157/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Image preview** - Shows image preview in the gutter and on hover.


> <img src="https://olga-f.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/olga-f/light-color-theme/0.1.5/1623687253446/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Light Color Theme** - Improve your code readability and syntax highlighting and get a better developer experience when working with testing tools.

> <img src="https://pkief.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/pkief/material-icon-theme/4.8.0/1625388449111/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Material Icon Theme** - Icons for Visual Studio Code.

> <img src="https://tombonnike.gallerycdn.vsassets.io/extensions/tombonnike/vscode-status-bar-format-toggle/2.0.0/1571152475226/Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Icons.Default" width="40" height="40" /> &nbsp; **Formatting Toggle** - Allows you to toggle the formatter ON and OFF with a simple click.
